Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to
explain a Fantasy film called "Enter the Void."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
A junkie named Oscar has been staying in Tokyo
for some time, but he refuses to get a real job,
so he has turned to drug dealing to sustain his
addiction. The illicit trade has also allowed
him to save up some money to buy his sister,
Linda, a plane ticket to join him in Japan.
While observing the sky from their apartment's
balcony, Oscar suddenly wonders what it would be
like to view Tokyo from above. Linda tells him
that she doesn't want to think about it because
she fears falling to death. As Linda gets ready to
leave for work, Oscar shows her the Tibetan Book
of the Dead, which he borrowed from his friend,
Alex. After taking a brief look at the book,
Linda warns Oscar that Alex will turn him into
a junkie and eventually convert him to Buddhism.
After Linda leaves, Oscar lights up a pipe
while denying that he's turned into a junkie.
As he is tripping, his friend Victor calls him,
asking Oscar to bring his share of the pills to
him at a bar called The Void. Still on the high,
Oscar asks Victor if he could come over to his
apartment instead, but Victor insists on meeting
at the bar. Victor hangs up before Oscar could
tell him that he'd rather wait for him at home.
As Oscar tries to sober up to meet up with Victor,
Alex arrives at the apartment. Alex tells Oscar
that he saw his sister with a guy named Mario.
Oscar confesses that he hates the man and swears
that he would kill the baby if Linda ever gets
pregnant with him. Alex says he'd like to see
Linda, so Oscar tells him that they can visit
her, but they'll have to stop by The Void first.
Alex tells him that he doesn't like the place,
so he'll just wait for him outside. Alex sees
the amount of drugs Oscar is bringing,
so he warns him that he's carrying too
much. Alex advises him to ask Victor
to pick up the pills at the apartment,
but Oscar discloses that Victor refuses to
come because of what happened with his mother.
As they are heading out, Oscar asks Alex
if their drug dealer, Bruno, has something
more potent than D.M.T. Alex warns him that the
substance will fry his brains. He advises Oscar
to finish the Book of the Dead instead and wait
for his big trip when he dies. Oscar confesses
that he's still confused by the book, so Alex
starts explaining it as they walk to The Void.
Alex asserts that people who die will get to watch
the moments of their life reflected in a magic
mirror. Afterward, they'll float like a ghost with
the ability to see and hear everything happening
around them, but they won't be able to communicate
with living people. Alex explains that there will
be doorways to higher planes of existence, but
most people refuse to leave. Those who stay
will start having a bad trip, and their only
option to get out will be to get reincarnated.
When Oscar asks him what happens
when people experience a bad trip,
Alex stresses that people will start
having nightmares, and all their fears
will be manifested until they wish they
never died. They'll have an opportunity
to escape their predicament when they see dark
yellow lights representing couples making love.
When they take a closer look, they'll get a vision
of a possible future life with them, and they'll
be allowed to choose the kind of life that would
suit them best. Finally, they'll end up in a womb
and get reincarnated. Alex explains that the cycle
will repeat until they manage to break out of it.
Oscar is somewhat disappointed to hear that
the afterlife holds nothing better for people.
As they get closer to the bar, Alex tells
Oscar that he can't wait to see Linda.
He tells Oscar to take good care of her, warning
him that he's posing a danger to her because he's
turning into a drug dealer. Oscar reminds Alex
that he's the one who introduced him to Bruno.
Despite that, Alex is still quite concerned
about Oscar, so he advises him to get a real job,
suggesting that he could work as a bartender or a
D.J. Alex also chides Oscar about his affair with
an older woman, pointing out that there's
a lot of younger Japanese women in Tokyo.
When they arrive at The Void, Alex tells him that
he doesn't want to watch him dealing drugs with
Victor, so he'll just wait outside. As Oscar walks
to the bar entrance, he tells himself that Alex is
a bigger junkie than him. When he sees Victor,
Oscar tells him that he brought his share of the
drugs, but he's puzzled when Victor apologizes to
him. Before he could ask him why he apologized,
the police burst into the room. Oscar immediately
runs to the toilet and tries to flush the drugs.
They keep banging on the door, so Oscar tells them
that he's got a gun and he'll shoot if they don't
leave. Soon, one of the cops fires his weapon
through the door, hitting Oscar in the chest.
As he drops down to the ground, he starts to
wonder if he's dying. He fears that they'll
send him to jail if he survives because
he still has some drugs on his system.
While watching the police check his vital
signs, Oscar tries to convince himself that
he's still tripping on D.M.T. He starts to worry
about his sister as his heartbeat slows down.
Soon, Oscar sees his dead body lying on the floor
as the police search his pockets for more drugs.
When he flies out of the bar, Oscar sees
Victor getting hysterical while the police
drag him to their car. Alex tries to find
out from the authorities what happened,
but they only tell him there was
an accident. When Alex asks Victor,
he learns that they shot Oscar and killed
him. Alex runs away when the police try to
arrest him. He tries to enter a strip club,
but the guards stop him, saying it's private.
When Oscar wanders inside the club,
he finds Linda dancing on the stage.
After the dance, she goes to the dressing
room and fools around with Mario, her manager.
When her cellphone rings, she tries to answer it,
but Mario puts it down. Alex leaves her a message
telling her that the cops killed her brother
at The Void while bringing drugs to Victor.
Alex advises her to find out what happened
for herself because the cops are after him.
Back inside the club, Oscar watches
Linda as she gets intimate with Mario.
When Mario finally leaves her, Linda
listens to the message and starts
crying after hearing what happened to her brother.
Oscar starts recalling the moments with his
sister and their parents when they were children.
He soon relives when their parents died in a car
crash while they were on their way to a trip.
As the police investigate the accident, Oscar
tries to comfort Linda as she cries for their mom.
Sometime after the tragedy, Oscar and Linda
make a pact never to leave each other.
They seal their promise by cutting
their thumbs and putting them together.
However, the authorities soon take them and
send them to separate foster homes. As the Child
Protective Services agent takes Linda away, she
calls out to Oscar, reminding him of their pact.
Later on, Oscar is taken back to the
time before Linda joined him in Tokyo.
When Alex advises him to bring his sister to
Japan, Oscar tells him that he doesn't have enough
money. He asserts that he could start dealing
drugs, but Alex tells him that it's too dangerous.
When Victor invites him to have dinner at
their home, he learns that Victor's mother,
Suzy, once made money by dancing at a strip club.
After dinner, Suzy offers to lend Oscar some money
to bring Linda to Japan. Sometime later, Suzy
visits him in his apartment and sleeps with him.
While he gets intimate with Suzy, Oscar
recalls being nursed by his mother.
Later on, Oscar remembers his mother promising
to watch over him from the sky when she dies.
As the days go by, Oscar starts offering
drugs to every local woman that he meets.
Soon, Oscar calls Linda and tells her that
he now has enough money for a plane ticket.
When Linda asks how he got the money,
he just tells her that he has a job.
Oscar soon revisits the day Alex introduced
him to Bruno. Alex warns him to be careful
about taking drugs at Bruno's place because he
does nasty things to people when they're high.
When they get inside Bruno's flat, he buys some
acid and asks the dealer if he has D.M.T. On
their way out of the apartment, Alex tells
him that D.M.T. only lasts for six minutes,
but it seems like an eternity. Alex explains
that it's the same chemical that is released
in the brain when a person dies. He surmises
that dying would be the ultimate trip.
Alex lends Oscar The Tibetan Book of the
Dead and tells him to read it before he
tries D.M.T. Alex reveals that he
once had an out-of-body experience,
but he got scared that he wouldn't be able to get
back to his body when he saw himself from above.
Soon, Oscar fetches his sister from the
airport and takes her to an amusement park.
On the rollercoaster ride, he recalls
the accident that killed their parents.
They were left to their grandparents
after the internment, but they couldn't
stay with them for long. Child Protective
Services had to take them away because
their grandmother cannot take care
of them due to her health problems.
Not long after Linda arrived in Japan, Oscar
tells her that he dreamt about the accident again.
She tells him that it doesn't matter because
they'll be living like a family again.
One night, Oscar invites Linda to a club and
asks her to try a drug. After taking the pill,
Linda starts dancing sensually and invites Alex
to join her. When Alex refuses, Mario approaches
Linda and gives her a card. Linda and Mario spend
some time together drinking as Oscar talks with
Victor about scoring some drugs. When he takes
Linda home, he notices that she got very drunk.
She tells Oscar that she's delighted to be with
him again. She pleads to Oscar not to leave her,
hinting that they should die together.
Oscar tells her that they’d never die.
When they get home, Linda asks her if he wants to
find a real job. Oscar refuses and tells her that
people who work are slaves. Alex soon learns that
Mario offered her sister a job at a strip club.
Since his sister is new to Japan,
Oscar feels very protective of her,
so he visits her at work and tells
Mario not to touch her. Mario, however,
brushes him off and tells him
not to act like a bad brother.
While scoring some pills from Bruno, Oscar
suddenly mentions that he's sharing them
with Victor. Bruno, who’s very paranoid about
getting caught, dissuades Oscar from mentioning
his friend to him or telling his friend about
him. In the strip club, Oscar offers some drugs
to the girls inside the dressing room. Not long,
Mario arrives and castigates Oscar for selling
pills to the dancers. Mario threatens to kill
Oscar if he ever sees him inside the club again.
Oscar gets furious with Linda when
she fails to come home one night.
He asks Linda to inform him whenever she
spends time with Mario. Linda, however,
insists that she was not with him. She then
asks Oscar if he’s jealous of her boss.
Bruno meets with Oscar outside to give him some
ecstasy and tell him that he has some D.M.T. After
getting the pills, Oscar stops by Victor's house
and tries to flirt with Suzy, but Victor arrives
and sees them. As Victor tries the drugs in
Oscar's apartment, he asks Oscar if he slept with
his mother. He tries to deny it, but Victor asks
him again, so he admits it. Victor gets angry and
smashes a bottle on his head. Victor runs away, so
Oscar chases after him, but he cannot catch up to
him. The following day, he receives a call from
Suzy, telling him that Victor did not come home.
Later, he tells Linda about the fight he had with
Victor. When Linda leaves for work, he trips on
the drugs that Bruno sold him. Not long, he
receives a call from Victor, telling him to
meet him at The Void. As soon as he meets Victor,
the police arrive and shoot him in the bathroom.
After floating out of his body, Oscar watches
his sister identify his corpse at the morgue.
Later on, he witnesses his body entering
the cremation chamber. When Linda gets home,
she burns all of Oscar's drugs. She tells Alex's
friend, Saki, that the police refuse to conduct
an autopsy on Oscar. While she talks with Saki
on the phone, Oscar flies to Alex's apartment
while the police search for clues about his
location. After the search, the cops interrogate
Victor and threaten him with jail time if he
doesn't tell them what he knows about Alex.
A few days later, Linda takes a
pregnancy test and asks Alex's friend,
Saki, to read the result because it's in Japanese.
After taking a look, Saki reluctantly tells her
that it's positive. At the strip club, Mario meets
with Bruno and asks for some coke. Bruno tells him
that he got rid of all his drugs because he fears
Victor might have mentioned him to the police.
Oscar floats to Victor's home and finds
Suzy berating Victor for calling the cops.
As the argument escalates, Victor tells his
father that Suzy slept with his best friend.
Victor's dad hits him and tells
him to get out of the house.
When Oscar flies back to the club, he hears a
dancer telling Mario that Linda is just using him.
By that time, Linda is at a clinic to terminate
her pregnancy. Back at the club, Mario tells
the dancer that he likes Linda. He claims that
Linda told him she wants to have a baby with him.
On the streets, Oscar sees Alex calling a
friend to ask for some money and a jacket.
He tells his friend to visit his roommate, Tito,
but he warns him against calling him because
the police might be tapping their phones.
In Alex's apartment, Linda tells Saki
that he regrets going out with Mario
and says she should've dated Alex instead.
Saki lets her know that Alex has called to
tell them he's okay. Meanwhile, Oscar sees
Alex scavenging for food in the dumpsters.
When Linda meets up with Mario, she learns
that she was fired from the club because the
boss didn't like how she dances. Mario
tells her that he'll take care of her,
but Linda tells him that she would've taken
her own life already if she only didn't get
the feeling that Oscar wasn't watching over
her. She wishes that Oscar would come back to
life. Mario tells Linda to stop hurting herself
and accept the fact that her brother is dead.
When Oscar enters Linda's head, he
finds himself waking up in the morgue.
The mortician notices that he's
awake, so he informs the police.
As they prepare to take Oscar home, a detective
asks Linda to let the police know if Oscar can
speak. Inside the car, Linda tells Mario that the
man who woke up at the morgue is not her brother.
When Oscar tries to touch Linda, she
freaks out, so Mario punches him.
When he checks himself in the mirror at
home, he sees a different face for a moment.
But things appear to be normal when he
briefly closes his eyes and opens them again.
Later, he finds Alex in the tunnels writing
some graffiti on the walls. Alex notices him
and reminds him that he was cremated days ago.
When he remembers, Oscar ends up back in their
apartment observing Linda and Mario. Linda
wakes up and tells Mario that she dreamed
that her brother was brought back to life in the
morgue. She confesses that she feels uneasy having
Oscar's remains in the box, so she says goodbye
to him and dumps his ashes on the kitchen sink.
Tito soon meets up with Alex to bring him a jacket
and inform him that Linda wants to see him. Oscar
flies to the apartment and sees Victor apologizing
to Linda for Oscar's death. When she tells Victor
to kill himself, he tries to explain why he turned
Oscar over to the police. Victor claims that Oscar
started dealing drugs because Linda was hanging
out with sleazy people. She gets enraged that
he's somehow blaming her for what happened to
Oscar, so she tells him to leave the apartment.
Mario tries to console Linda as she gets
hysterical, but she asks him to leave as well.
Later on, Linda meets up with Alex and rides a
taxi with him. As Oscar observes them inside the
vehicle, he recalls the accident that took their
parents. Soon, Alex and Linda get out of the taxi
after stopping at the love hotel. After observing
several couples getting intimate in other rooms,
he soon finds Linda and Alex making love. After a
while, Oscar sees a couple taking care of a child
in bed. Inside the room, he sees a little
girl walking around carrying a stuffed toy.
As Linda and Alex begin to climax, Oscar enters
Linda's body and watches her get impregnated.
Soon, Oscar hears the cries of
a woman as he exits her womb.
Oscar observes the woman with his blurred
vision as she gathers her breath from giving
birth. The baby cries uncontrollably
after someone cuts the umbilical cord.